New to 1.21:

Unions and vassals lost - due to how these are saved changing.  
Before the subject type was a single line(vassal={ or union={), now it is in two separate lines {dependency={ and then subject_type="vassal").
Solution - though a wee bit brute force - is to do an if statement after the current type getting (if type = dependency, then if type = union then union else vassal.  Also affects Japan.

No HREmperor - similar issue to above.

province mapping

Crash after CK2 directory issue.
Caused by save game no longer having a "development" field if the country is dead.
Proposed Solution: Replace "development" by "realm_development" which always exists and has the same value as "development" when both exist.

Pre-existing:

North German culture disappearing
Slave State issue
HRE prestige tanking upon formation
Afro-Brazilians along east coast of Brazil - should be natives.
Two ulsters.

Mysterious Italy's updates -

Country mappings - mostly good, need to update Ulster and not sure about Nitra=Slovakia.
Culture mappings - less good as he's mostly deleted.  Agree with not creating albanian though.
Culture file - fixes the North German issue.  Not sure about adding of primary tags for cultures and REALLY not sure about when these clash.
Also China = union of group including Japanese??
Gov mapping - don't agree with interpretation of Absolutism mechanic.  Not sure I agree with some of the existing mappings tbh.
Province mappings - new ones look good, check myself before committing.  Older formatting issues fixed but not sure about sea renaming.
Unions - make names consistant, don't need a "union" for every single culture, a couple of oddities but otherwise pretty good actually.
Consider adding more unions in the future?  Consider adding Finnish and Sami to Scandinavia?

output/common/countries:AAA - very good (and good idea!) but needs expanding a bit.
output/common:countries - again good.
output/common:cultures - maybe add in a dummy culture rather than moving up german - sometimes german will exist.

Side note - not all countries have colours currently.

decisions/converterDecision: - China change is good, most other ones good.  Do NOT agree with their approach to post-colonial.
decisions/NationalUnification:- mostly agreed, good idea on the limit to europe as stopgap.  Will actually change to allow Austria to form Germany.
If can sort HRE then will also block HRE.
decisions/PostColonial: - Change the name to postColonial I think.  
Like the greek/Turkish things, not how I would do the post-colonial new world stuff at all.

events/converterEvents: - Mandate of Heaven stuff.  Like.

gfx/pictures/news: Roman news headings.  Like.  Make sure about copyright.

localisation/: I'm just going to trust him on this.

news/news_layout:  Adds potential layout for Rome.

